# 25. Data Classification Policy

## 25.1 Data Classification Policies
Data is information generated by or for, owned by, or otherwise in the possession of Quantel AI that is related to the Machine Learning activities. Customer Data may exist in any format (i.e. electronic, paper) and includes, but is not limited to, all business transaction data, reference data, as well as the computing infrastructure and program code that supports the business of Quantel AI.

In order to effectively secure Customer Data, we must have a vocabulary that we can use to describe the data and quantify the amount of protection required. This policy defines four categories into which all Customer Data can be divided:

    Public
    Internal
    Confidential
    Restricted Use 

Customer Data that is classified as Public may be disclosed to any person regardless of their affiliation with the Customer. All other Customer Data is considered Sensitive Information and must be protected appropriately. This document provides definitions for and examples of each of the four categories. Other policies within the Data Protection Standards specify the security controls that are required for each category of data.

The various units and departments at a given Customer may have a multitude of types of documents and data. To the extent particular documents or data types are not explicitly addressed within this policy, each business unit or department should classify its data by considering the potential for harm to individuals or the Customer in the event of unintended disclosure, modification, or loss. The Security Administrator may assist with the classification process and coordinate with the Customer Information Security Team to achieve consistency. When classifying data, each department should weigh the risk created by an unintended disclosure, modification or loss against the need to encourage open discussion, improve efficiency and further the Customer’s goals of the creation and dissemination of knowledge. Departments should be particularly mindful to protect sensitive personal information, such as Social Security Numbers, drivers’ license numbers and financial account numbers, disclosure of which may create the risk of identity theft.

Some information could be classified differently at different times. For example, information that was once considered to be Confidential data may become Public data once it has been appropriately disclosed. Everyone with access to Customer Data should exercise good judgment in handling sensitive information and seek guidance from management as needed.

## 25.2 Scope

This classification scheme is to be applied to all Customer Data, both physical and electronic, throughout Quantel AI. No data item is too small to be classified.

##25.3 Classification Levels

###25.3.1 Public

Public data is information that may be disclosed to any person regardless of their affiliation with the Customer. The Public classification is not limited to data that is of public interest or intended to be distributed to the public; the classification applies to data that do not require any level of protection from disclosure. While it may be necessary to protect original (source) documents from unauthorized modification, Public data may be shared with a broad audience both within and outside the Customer community and no steps need be taken to prevent its distribution.

Examples of Public data include: press releases, directory information (not subject to a Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) block), course catalogs, application and request forms, protected health information that has been de-identified consistent with the standards set forth under Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), and other general information that is openly shared. The type of information a department would choose to post on its website is a good example of Public data.

### 25.3.2 Internal

Internal data is information that is potentially sensitive and is not intended to be shared with the public. Internal data generally should not be disclosed outside of the Customer without the permission of the person or group that created the data. It is the responsibility of the data owner to designate information as Internal where appropriate. If you have questions about whether information is Internal or how to treat Internal data, you should talk to your dean or department head.

Examples of Internal data include: Some memos, correspondence, and meeting minutes; contact lists that contain information that is not publicly available; and procedural documentation that should remain private.

### 25.3.3 Confidential

Confidential data is information that, if made available to unauthorized parties, may adversely affect individuals or the business of Quantel AI. This classification also includes data that the Customer is required to keep confidential, either by law (e.g., FINRA) or under a confidentiality agreement with a third party, such as a vendor. This information should be protected against unauthorized disclosure or modification. Confidential data should be used only when necessary for business purposes and should be protected both when it is in use and when it is being stored or transported.

Any unauthorized disclosure or loss of Confidential data must be reported to the Quantel AI Management at 1-844-QUANTEL

Examples of Confidential data include:

    * Personally identifiable information entrusted to our care that is not otherwise categorized as Restricted Use data, such as information regarding customer transactions, research data, client information, and information covered by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
    * PII information, when stored with other identifiable information such as name or e-mail address.
    * Information covered by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLB), which requires protection of certain financial records.
    * Individual employment information, including salary, benefits and performance appraisals for current, former, and prospective employees.
    * Legally privileged information.
    * Information that is the subject of a confidentiality agreement.
    * Information that is the subject of a HIPAA Limited Data Set covered by a Data Use Agreement.

### 25.3.4 Restricted Use

Restricted Use data includes any information that BU has a contractual, legal, or regulatory obligation to safeguard in the most stringent manner. In some cases, unauthorized disclosure or loss of this data would require the Customer to notify the affected individual and state or federal authorities. In some cases, modification of the data would require informing the affected individual.

The Customer’s obligations will depend on the particular data and the relevant contract or laws. The Minimum Security Standards sets a baseline for all Restricted Use data.  Systems and processes protecting the following types of data need to meet that baseline:

    * Personally identifiable health information that is not subject to HIPAA but used in research, such as Human Subjects Data, unless otherwise designated by the Institutional Review Board (IRB).
    * Personally Identifiable Information (PII)  including an individual’s name plus the individual’s Social Security Number, driver’s license number, or a financial account number.
    * Unencrypted data used to authenticate or authorize individuals to use electronic resources, such as passwords, keys, and other electronic tokens.
    * "Criminal Background Data" that might be collected as part of an application form or a background check.

More stringent requirements exist for some types of Restricted Use data.  Individuals working with the following types of data must follow the Customer policies governing those types of data and consult with Information Security to ensure they meet all of the requirements of their data type:

    * Protected Health Information (PHI) subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). See the Customer’s HIPAA Policy for details.
    * Financial account numbers covered by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS), which controls how credit card information is accepted, used, and stored.
    * Controlled Unclassified Information required to be compliant with NIST 800.171
    * Data controlled by U.S. Export Control Law such as the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or Export Administration Regulations (EAR). ITAR and EAR have additional requirements. See the Export Controls site for details.
    * U.S. Government Classified Data

Restricted Use data should be used only when no alternative exists and must be carefully protected. Any unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized modification, or loss of Restricted Use data must be reported to Quantel AI at 1-844-QUANTEL.

## 25.4 Resolving Conflicts between this Guideline and Other Regulations

Some data may be subject to specific protection requirements under a contract or grant, or according to a law or regulation not described here. In those circumstances, the most restrictive protection requirements should apply. If you have questions, please contact Information Security.

## 25.5 Failure to Comply 

Failure to comply with the Data Protection Standards may result in harm to individuals, organizations or Quantel AI. The unauthorized or unacceptable use of Customer Data, including the failure to comply with these standards, constitutes a violation of Customer policy and may subject the User to revocation of the privilege to use Customer Data or Information Technology or disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.
